Hello, my name is Seungchan Yu and I'm going to talk about my reading project, Security of metaverse.

These are contents of my presentation. First, I will explain about what is metaverse. Next, I will briefly show current vulnerabilities on metaverse session and get some example. Then, I will suggest the solution about given vunerabilities, and will find limitations of them. 

Metaverse is a combination of persistent, multi-user shared, 3D virtual sapces that are intertwined with the physical world and merged together to create a unified and perpetual virtual universe. Users enter the metaverse with avatars, who can interact with each other and with the items, applications, services, and businesses that the metaverse contains.
Metaverse is standardly divided to four types, augmented reality, mirror world, life-logging and virtual world. In this presentation, I will focus on vulnerability in virtual world services currently processing.

Beacuse of covid-19, recently the user of metaverse has been dramatically increased, whereby the cyber attack targeting it also has. This situtation has created new aspect of security issues, since metaverse has transending the boundary between virtual and reality. Also, some metaverse use artificial intelligence and non-fungible token to handle financial contents or other things. This trend makes new issues related to virtual goods or money, even financial criminials.

In 2012, the metaverse game Roblox, there was accident that the admin right has been hijacked by hacker. The goods in game has been spread through users and prices of items are changed randomly so the game system has been damaged. The private information of billion users in Roblox has been leaked in 2020.
Security vulnerability has been found in Oculus platform in 2019. Hacker inject malicious script on Bigscreen app and make users download this.
In this year, the biggest NFT marketplace OpenSea get hacked. The hacker mimics the company's mail and fished 32 user's NFT.

How can we prevent this problems? In metaverse, user's every action can be tracked such as bio-info, gesture or even sight. This is significant difference between previous web application, because on web site attacker only can track about users' direct interaction with application such as clicking and downloading. So, we need to focus on prevent the leak of actions processed by metaverse avatar on virtual reality. Next, the peripherals of VR and AR services has low authentication system, which makes malicious code can enter or exit by them. The level of security in hardware also must be enhanced.

Still, we need to solve more patterns of attack. With malicious VR peripherals, attacker can operate it can cause fake sense to user such as dizzy or sickness. Brain computer interface (BCI) is the interface which interact with brain to get the senses like sight, ear. If this interface has been hacked, it can be severe problem. Also, the authenticate system between user and avatar need to be established more precisely on off-service. We can think about inject inherent id or fingerprint as form of watermark in avatar. It is challange to detect the watermark precisely at various angle of avatar.

The metaverse is approching fast. Not because of a communication campaign organized by a tech and social media behemoth to escape public scrutiny, or because it is just a big business opportunity. It is coming true because we are at the beginning of the singularity. The metaverse arises complex issues include new security problems, that just partially pertain to the technical domain. That is why the only way to navigate this incognito universe we are starting exploring, is to study it via a truly multidisciplinary and broad approach that conjugates technical fields with humanities and social sciences. To let the metaverse become a dream, or either discover that it has turned into a nightmare.
